docs: Custom Cypress test doc improvements (#2092)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/faststore-config-options/custom-cypress-test.mdx

![checks-integration-tests](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/custom-test-checks___583ac9b78e43ebdafde93a735a47d61b.png)

6. Review the results to check the execution status of your custom integration tests.

---

## Exclusive execution of your custom Cypress tests

> With continuous development, some storefront projects may have changes in the components and/or pages's code that cause errors in the out of the box end-to-end tests that are run for all FastStore projects.

Reviewer: Due to ongoing development, some storefront projects may have code changes in their components and/or pages. These changes can lead to errors in the out-of-the-box end-to-end tests that run for all FastStore projects.

For these cases, there is the option to override the FastStore's out of the box tests using the same name as the original test file:

```js filename="plp.test.js"
import { cypress } from '../../faststore.config'

const { pages } = cypress

describe('Custom PLP tests', () => {
  it('visit collection page', () => {
    cy.visit(pages.collection)
    cy.get('[data-testid="product-gallery"]').should('exist').and('be.visible')
  })
})
```

> 

Reviewer: > Although exclusive execution of custom tests is possible for projects using Cypress version 12.x or higher, we do not recommend this approach. If possible, keep the default Cypress tests.

Maybe? 🙈

> 

Reviewer 2: Yes! 🚀

> Some projects may prefer exclusive execution of its custom Cypress tests. Although it is not our recommendation, for projects using Cypress version 12.x or higher there is the possibility of running the **Integration Tests** check only for your custom tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although we recommend keeping the default Cypress tests, it is possible to run the Integration Tests check exclusively for your custom tests for projects using Cypress version 12.x or higher."
```

or 

Although we do not recommend exclusive execution of custom Cypress tests for some projects, it is possible to run the Integration Tests check exclusively for your custom tests for projects using Cypress version 12.x or higher.

Reviewer 2: @hellofanny and @lucasfp13, I combined our suggestions and added a callout suggestion above :) let me know what you think.

> For that, first you need to use at least Cypress 12 by setting the `cypressVersion` experimental feature flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that, you must first ensure that you are using Cypress version 12 or higher by setting the `cypressVersion` experimental feature flag:
```

Reviewer: should we reinforce that so far we only support till cypress 12?

Author: I think we can remove the `or higher` expression and specifying only the version 12

> For that, first you need to use at least Cypress 12 by setting the `cypressVersion` experimental feature flag:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to configure your project to only run custom Cypress tests:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step by step

### Step 1 - Setting Cypress version

First, ensure that you use Cypress version 12 or higher by setting the `cypressVersion` experimental feature flag:
```

1. Open the `faststore.config.js` file.
2. Inside the `experimental` object, add the `cypressVersion` property.
3. Set the `cypressVersion` value to `12`.

```js filename="faststore.config.js" {4}
  },
  experimental: {
      enableCypressExtension: true,
      cypressVersion: 12,
  }
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2 - Updating the Cypress configuration file
```

> Furthermore, you need to update your Cypress configuration file (`cypress.json`) to match the latest Cypress configuration file format. Refer to the official [Cypress configuration file](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration) guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that your Cypress configuration file (cypress.json) matches the latest Cypress configuration file format. To do so, refer to the official [Cypress configuration file](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration) guide.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 3 - Changing the custom Cypress tests directory
```

> Finally, you need to change your custom Cypress tests directory from `cypress/integration` to `cypress/e2e`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, change your custom Cypress tests directory from `cypress/integration` to `cypress/e2e`:
```

1. In your storefront project, rename the folder from `cypress/integration` to `cypress/e2e`.

> 2. Also change your new Cypress configuration file `e2e` object to match the new custom tests folder `cypress/e2e`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Update your new Cypress configuration file `cypress.config.ts` to match the new custom tests folder `cypress/e2e` by specifying the `specPattern`:
```

```ts filename="cypress.config.ts" {7}
import { defineConfig } from 'cypress'

export default defineConfig({
  ...,
  e2e: {
    ...,
    specPattern: 'cypress/e2e/**/*.test.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}',
  },
})

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
3. Run `yarn dev` in the terminal to sync the changes you have made.

```

</Callout>

Some projects may prefer exclusive execution of its custom Cypress tests. Although it is not our recommendation, for projects using Cypress version 12.x or higher there is the possibility of running the **Integration Tests** check only for your custom tests.

Follow the steps below to configure your project to only run custom Cypress tests:

## Step by step

### Step 1 - Setting Cypress version

First, ensure that you use Cypress version 12 by setting the `cypressVersion` experimental feature flag:

1. Open the `faststore.config.js` file.
2. Inside the `experimental` object, add the `cypressVersion` property.
3. Set the `cypressVersion` value to `12`.

```js filename="faststore.config.js" {4}
  },
  experimental: {
      enableCypressExtension: true,
      cypressVersion: 12,
  }
```

### Step 2 - Updating the Cypress configuration file

Ensure that your Cypress configuration file (`cypress.json`) matches the latest Cypress configuration file format. To do so, refer to the official [Cypress configuration file](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration) guide.

> ### Step 3 - Changing the custom Cypress tests directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Step 3 - Changing the custom Cypress tests directory
```
